HALF PRICE, 24 HOURS BROWSE OUR SELECTION Make The Web More Marvellous From Bootstrap to Sass - the techniques for making gorgeous websites that your users find intuitive and beautiful have never been easier to master. Dive into exceptional website design with 50% off some of our latest and greatest practical design guides. Learn the techniques of Bootstrap the best way - by example, discover practical techniques for exceptional UX, get expert blueprints for building amazing websites, and harness Sass and Compass for easy CSS. Did You Know? What's the hottest trend in web design? Web brutalism - making intentionally ugly sites! Practical UX Design BUY NOW $31.99
$16.00 READ MORE Web Design Blueprints BUY NOW $31.99
$16.00 READ MORE Bootstrap By Example
  BUY NOW $35.99
$18.00 READ MORE Sass and Compass Designer's Cookbook BUY NOW $39.99
$20.00 READ MORE Pick up all four titles and get 60% off Grab today's Bundle for additional huge savings!   ADD TO CART         Follow us      	Contact us	Visit Website	Delivery Info	FAQ	This email was sent to braveji@hanmail.net because you have opted in to receive specific updates on our website.


Manage Email Preferences Read Online Python and More at 70% Off There's just a few days left to take advantage of our massive sale on video courses - so why not upgrade your skills today with Python, the essential programming language for developers and data crunchers alike. Or check out our complete range of over 300 high quality video learning courses - all at 70% off this week only!
  Beginning Python Dive into the basics of Python with this practical course designed to take you from zero to skilled Python user in just a little over four hours. Start Python Now Mastering Python Get to grips with Python best practices and advanced tools to design, distribute, and test your programs in over two hours of intense Python advanced learning. Master Python Now  Deep Learning with Python Dive into the future of data science and implement intelligent systems using deep learning with Python in under two hours with this practical training video. Upgrade your data with Python  
  Check Out Our Complete Range Of Video Courses       	Contact us	Visit Website	Delivery Info	FAQ	This email was sent to braveji@hanmail.net because you have opted in to receive specific updates on our website.

Keep up-to-date: Interested in our bi-monthly newsletters or other deals we have to offer? Click here to update your email preferences and tell us what you want to hear.

Share this: Deal of the Day - 11 May 2016 Email looking ugly? Read online to see it in all its glory! ALL OF THESE TITLES
HALF PRICE, 24 HOURS BROWSE OUR SELECTION Discover how better Python makes better products Python may be simple to pick up, but when you start digging deeper to push the language to its limits you can find yourself in for a difficult time. This bundle is built to ensure you can maximize your skills in Python as efficiently as possible. Inside these titles you'll discover the best practices, design patterns, programming paradigms, and tried and tested techniques that professional Python developers use every single day! Tip of the Day... Asynchronicity offers a useful way of achieving a more performant Python. Essentially, instead of polling for updates from objects, they tell us when they have a result. This means that, in the meantime, the main thread can execute other stuff - so you're making your code do more for less. Mastering Python
  BUY NOW $31.99
$16.00 READ MORE Mastering Object-oriented Python BUY NOW $26.99
$13.50 READ MORE Learning Python Design Patterns
Second Edition BUY NOW $31.99
$16.00 READ MORE Python Unlocked

  BUY NOW $31.99
$16.00 READ MORE Pick up all four titles and get 60% off Grab today's Bundle for additional huge savings!   ADD TO CART         Follow us      	Contact us	Visit Website	Delivery Info	FAQ	This email was sent to braveji@hanmail.net because you have opted in to receive specific updates on our website.

Manage Email Preferences Read Online 70% OFF ALL WEEK 
It’s been 3 years since our first video course was released, and now with over 200 courses available to browse, there's never been a better time to try out Packt Video! That's why for this week only every single video product is available at a massive 70% discount. We think you'll love video learning - so why not check out one of our top training courses today?

Discover a host of new skills and a new way to learn with all our video courses at 70% off. Whether you’re looking to build better web apps, master a new programming language, turn your data into something of real value, or just try something new there’s hours on content for you to dive into and explore this week from our video archives!

HALF PRICE, 24 HOURS BROWSE OUR SELECTION Discover why Node.js is one of the most fundamental tools for developers Want to get the most of of Node for your latest applications? These titles provide you with everything you need and more to get you up and running at the best you can be. Discover what makes Node tick, learn to use it to create an unparalleled web app, as well as learn the best practices and design patterns you'll need to know to make your apps perform great under any circumstance. Grab these books now and see what you can do! Tip of the Day... Try experimenting with Node and see if the effects are positive to your needs - as a start try using binary modules instead of JavaScript modules and go from there. Node.js By Example BUY NOW $35.99
$18.00 READ MORE NW.js Essentials BUY NOW $23.99
$12.00 READ MORE ALPHA Node.JS Design Patterns
Second Edition BUY NOW $39.99
$20.00 READ MORE Developing Microservices with Node.js
  BUY NOW $31.99
$16.00 READ MORE Pick up all four titles and get 60% off Grab today's Bundle for additional huge savings!   ADD TO CART         Follow us      	Contact us	Visit Website	Delivery Info	FAQ	This email was sent to braveji@hanmail.net because you have opted in to receive specific updates on our website.
HALF PRICE, 24 HOURS BROWSE OUR SELECTION Modern, powerful programming with Go Go is one of the most widely adopted programming languages around. Created by Google to speed up development and aid collaboration, it's a language that's tailor made to the fast-paced demands of contemporary software development. This collection of titles gives you everything you need to get started and even dive deeper into the language - whether you want to find out just why it's so popular or want to bolster your experise and fluency, make sure you pick up these titles today. Tip of the Day... 5 Go tools, libraries, frameworks that you need to know. Learning Go Web Development BUY NOW $23.99
$12.00 READ MORE Go Programming Blueprints BUY NOW $29.99
$15.00 READ MORE Mastering Concurrency in Go BUY NOW $30.99
$15.50 READ MORE Mastering Go Web Services
  BUY NOW $39.99
$20.00 READ MORE Pick up all four titles and get 60% off Grab today's Bundle for additional huge savings!   ADD TO CART         Follow us      	Contact us	Visit Website	Delivery Info	FAQ	This email was sent to braveji@hanmail.net because you have opted in to receive specific updates on our website.
HALF PRICE, 24 HOURS BROWSE OUR SELECTION Don't get stuck in the world of forensics Get to grips with the Python cryptographic algorithms that can be used during forensic investigations to check for known files or to compare suspicious files with online services such as VirusTotal or Mobile-Sandbox. Learn how to sniff on the network, generate and analyze network flows, and perform log correlation with the help of Python scripts and tools. You’ll get to know about the concepts of virtualization and how virtualization influences IT forensics, and you’ll discover how to perform forensic analysis of a jailbroken/rooted mobile device that is based on iOS or Android - all with this practical guide. Grab it at 50% off today. Did You Know? Anti-computer forensics is much more difficult on mobile devices because of the small size of the devices and the user's restricted data accessibility. Learning Network Forensics BUY NOW $39.99
$20.00 READ MORE Mastering Python Forensics BUY NOW $31.99
$16.00 READ MORE ALPHA Practical Digital Forensics BUY NOW $39.99
$20.00 READ MORE Learning Android Forensics BUY NOW $39.99
$20.00 READ MORE Pick up all four titles and get 60% off Grab today's Bundle for additional huge savings!   ADD TO CART         Follow us      	Contact us	Visit Website	Delivery Info	FAQ	This email was sent to braveji@hanmail.net because you have opted in to receive specific updates on our website.
HALF PRICE, 24 HOURS BROWSE OUR SELECTION A smarter way to harness your resources begins here... Don't be ruled by your ERP - take control of it! Get to grips with your resources for smarter planning and better execution with this selection of Microsoft Dynamics NAV guides, taking you through everything from best practices to useful design patterns that you can use to handle, manipulate and manage your ERP. Dive in and start learning - it might just give your business the edge in a competitive environment... Did You Know? Dynamics NAV was first developed by a Danish firm and the program was called Navision A/S. In 2002, Microsoft bought Navision A/S and included it in the Microsoft Business Solution division. The product has gone through several name changes. The names: Navision Financials, Navision Attain, and Microsoft Business Solutions Navision Edition, have been used to refer to the product that is currently called Microsoft Dynamics NAV. Note that all the previous names included the word Navision. (This is why many people keep calling it Navision instead of NAV.) Programming Microsoft Dynamics™ NAV 2015
  BUY NOW $47.99
$24.00 READ MORE Implementing Microsoft Dynamics NAV
Third Edition BUY NOW $43.99
$22.00 READ MORE Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2015 Professional Reporting BUY NOW $47.99
$24.00 READ MORE Learning Dynamics NAV Patterns
  BUY NOW $27.99
$14.00 READ MORE Pick up all four titles and get 60% off Grab today's Bundle for additional huge savings!   ADD TO CART         Follow us      	Contact us	Visit Website	Delivery Info	FAQ	This email was sent to braveji@hanmail.net because you have opted in to receive specific updates on our website.
Manage Email Preferences Read Online Master Your Data Data rules the world - put it to work for you and your organization. For one week only, pick up any of twenty amazing data titles at 50% off - or don't miss the chance to pick up any five titles for only $50. Need somewhere to get started? Why not grab out amazing Python Data Bundle for only $50. Pick up our Python Data Bundle for $50 Purchase Bundle View all eBooks & Videos      	Contact us	Visit Website	Delivery Info FAQ	This email was sent to braveji@hanmail.net because you have opted in to receive specific updates on our website.

ALF PRICE, 24 HOURS BROWSE OUR SELECTION Squeeze More Out Of React Whether you're just getting started or looking to master the powerful JavaScript framework - we've got what you need to do more with React. Discover the revolutionary power of React components, get to grips with React's advanced features, and even see how you can use React Native to build for iOS and Android. Don't miss your chance to power up with React - at 50% off today only. Tip of the Day... React is usually quite fast out of the box. However, in situations where you need to squeeze every ounce of performance out of your app, it provides a shouldComponentUpdate hook where you can add optimization hints to React's diff algorithm. Getting Started with React BUY NOW $27.99
$14.00 READ MORE React Components BUY NOW $27.99
$14.00 READ MORE Getting Started with React Native BUY NOW $23.99
$12.00 READ MORE Mastering React
  BUY NOW $35.99
$18.00 READ MORE Pick up all four titles and get 60% off Grab today's Bundle for additional huge savings!   ADD TO CART         Follow us      	Contact us	Visit Website	Delivery Info	FAQ	This email was sent to braveji@hanmail.net because you have opted in to receive specific updates on our website.
HALF PRICE, 24 HOURS BROWSE OUR SELECTION Stop struggling with Linux admin! Want to discover how to be a better Linux admin? This bundle offers everything you need to kick your skills up a notch and handle everything from this great OS better than before. Master stronger security, get to grips with binary analysis, and discover a myriad of ways to handle any type of shell scripting. Save 1/2 price on these titles today only and take the steps you need to take to be a better developer now! Tip of the Day... Always be sure to minimize the number of unneeded packages you install to ensure maximum security. Practical Linux Security Cookbook BUY NOW $35.99
$18.00 READ MORE Learning Linux Binary Analysis BUY NOW $35.99
$18.00 READ MORE Learning Linux Shell Scripting
  BUY NOW $39.99
$20.00 READ MORE Linux Shell Scripting Cookbook
Second Edition BUY NOW $26.99
$13.50 READ MORE Pick up all four titles and get 60% off Grab today's Bundle for additional huge savings!   ADD TO CART         Follow us      	Contact us	Visit Website	Delivery Info	FAQ	This email was sent to braveji@hanmail.net because you have opted in to receive specific updates on our website.

Manage Email Preferences Read Online Join the Data Revolution this week with Packt!   Data has transformed every part of the tech world in the last decade. When it comes to data now, it’s not just size that matters, it’s what you can do with it. It’s how you can transform it into something new that’s important.

No matter what you use when it comes to data; be it R, Python, Hadoop, or the huge range of tools on offer celebrate everything about data all this week with us. Get more from the world of data until Sunday 15th May with free eBooks every day, 50% off select data titles, and a return of our custom 5-for-$50 bundles. Take control of your data today!   See our select titles now!        	Contact us	Visit Website	Delivery Info	FAQ	This email was sent to braveji@hanmail.net because you have opted in to receive specific updates on our website.
Manage Email Preferences Read Online Only 24 hours left to save 70% 
It’s been 3 years since our first video course was released, and now with over 200 courses available to browse, there's never been a better time to try out Packt Video! 

Discover a host of new skills and a new way to learn with all our video courses at 70% off. Whether you’re looking to build better web apps, master a new programming language, turn your data into something of real value, or just try something new then dive into our video archives with hundreds of hours of different tutorials at your fingertips; just remember - there's only 24 hours left to take part!
HALF PRICE, 24 HOURS BROWSE OUR SELECTION Discover new ways to create Swift apps If you're looking to take your Swift skills away from the rest of the pack then there's no better way with this custom bundle! Inside you'll learn everything you need to take your skills up a notch and start creating bigger and better projects - Discover new paradigms that will change how you write code for the better, master how to handle any problem that could do wrong when developing, and even learn how to take your Swift knowledge and apply it to the world of the Apple Watch today with this limited time offer! Did You Know? Swift and Objective C use the same runtime, that means you can use Swift and Objective C in parallel when working on your projects! Protocol-Oriented Programming with Swift BUY NOW $31.99
$16.00 READ MORE Reactive Programming with Swift BUY NOW $35.99
$18.00 READ MORE Swift 2 Cookbook BUY NOW $39.99
$20.00 READ MORE Apple Watch App Development BUY NOW $35.99
$18.00 READ MORE Pick up all four titles and get 60% off Grab today's Bundle for additional huge savings!   ADD TO CART         Follow us      	Contact us	Visit Website	Delivery Info	FAQ	This email was sent to braveji@hanmail.net because you have opted in to receive specific updates on our website.

